Hotfix/1.1.2 (#1263)
gnosis/dex-react: README.md

```

Alternatively you can set the bridge by declaring the env var `WALLET_CONNECT_BRIDGE` that would take precedence over the config.

### transactions

Transactions config. Used to apply some postprocessing toevery transaction submitted through the interface

**Config format:**

```yaml
transactions:
  sentinel: string
```

Where:

> - `sentinel` is lowercase hex value appended to transaction input data and followed by on-chain analytics flags

Reviewer: I think we should document more the analytics part. Saying how many bytes have the sentinel. 
Also, we need to document the codes for analytics that come after the sentinel.

```

Alternatively you can set the bridge by declaring the env var `WALLET_CONNECT_BRIDGE` that would take precedence over the config.

### transactions

> Transactions config. Used to apply some postprocessing toevery transaction submitted through the interface

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Transactions config. Used to apply some post processing to every transaction submitted through the interface
```

**Config format:**

```yaml
transactions:
  sentinel: string
```

Where:

- `sentinel` is lowercase hex value appended to transaction input data and followed by on-chain analytics flags

Sentinel can also be passed as an environment variable, e.g. `SENTINEL=4e3a yarn start`. In which case it overrides the `sentinel` from config file.

> Following the `sentinel` are 6 digits: 2 for provider name, 1 for mobile or desktop flag, 2 for browser name, 1 for screen size.

Reviewer: Can you link to the line of code per list, to know the values. Or add a new README with them. If someone wants to understand a value, it would be great to be able to know how to do it. It's even good to add an example of a transaction
